Feature transportserver stream snippets (#1466)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/configuration/transportserver-resource.md

    port: 80
```

> Snippets can also be specified for a stream. In the example below, we use snippets to configure [access control](http://nginx.org/en/docs/stream/ngx_stream_access_module.html) and we set the [logging level](http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_limit_conn_module.html#limit_conn_zone) for cases when the server limits the number of connections in a TransportServer:

Reviewer: better to configure a complete feature, rather than just a parameter. otherwise, we configure a parameter for a feature that is not enabled and configured.

(I also fixed the link - it was for http module, not for stream)

```suggestion
Snippets can also be specified for a stream. In the example below, we use snippets to configure [access control](http://nginx.org/en/docs/stream/ngx_stream_access_module.html) and [limit the number of connections](https://nginx.org/en/docs/stream/ngx_stream_limit_conn_module.html):
```

```yaml
apiVersion: k8s.nginx.org/v1alpha1
kind: TransportServer
metadata:
  name: cafe
spec:
  host: cafe.example.com

>   streamSnippets: |

Reviewer: could you also add an entry for `streamSnippets` to the table for the spec here https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/transportserver-resource/#transportserver-specification ? `Sets a custom snippet in the stream context.` would do the job

Author: done
